kevin is a lawyer he is a talent in law
he won 64 lawsuits in a row
he also has a very beautiful wife in
terms of personality
he is an extremely spoiled person
wanting to be respected by others
he aspires to have much more money but
because he lived in a small city
no matter how many cases he won he
wouldn't be satisfied
one day kevin defended a teacher accused
of harassing a female student
as the student was telling the story of
her views the teacher sitting below
looked around
and his hand was stroking the table now
that he was able to do such an act
the full also knew that he had abused
the female student
kevin's conscience was forced to make a
choice so he was extremely upset
he went to the toilet to think about
whether to defend that demon
at this moment a reporter came in and
taunted him saying that kevin was afraid
of losing the lawsuit
so he escaped here this statement
greatly affects kevin
kevin decided to ignore his conscience
back to the court
kevin said that the female student
because she hated the teacher
she wanted to slam to the teacher to
harass her he also took a picture of the
student badly painted the teacher as
evidence
after a while of arguing the judge was
persuaded and declared the teacher
innocent
the student's father was extremely angry
wanting to kill kevin
but kevin didn't care because he won the
lawsuit and preserved his record
he went with his wife to celebrate his
victory man approached them
and said that he was from a new york law
company he wanted to invite kevin
to help in a lawsuit with very good
treatment he immediately agreed and went
with his wife to new york
he easily won the trial then the man
told kevin
that their business expanded across many
countries in addition to ordinary
customers
they also represent more than 25 foreign
governments he even took kevin
to meet the boss of his company milton
milton saw kevin's talent and wanted to
invite him to stay for his company
salary decided by kevin however they
need to check on kevin
after that the black man arranged for
the couple to live in an apartment
this apartment building is where the
staffs of this company live depending on
their positions
the interior of the apartment is
extremely luxurious
kevin still hesitated so he consulted
his wife
his wife of course said he had to stay
here if he didn't want to go back to
their old city
after that kevin officially became an
official member of the milton company
he also has his own office on his first
day at work
he was scheduled for a case it was to
help a man named moyes defend
moyes makes glam in the basement
affecting public hygiene
so the police prosecute him kevin
immediately came to find out about the
situation
upon arriving kevin discovered that this
man was ahead of a cult
lamb is a ritual for them moist asked
for the name of the police
and took out a piece of land from the
refrigerator then he took some nails
and spread them around the lamb he said
doing so could silence the police
during the trial kevin said that moyes
only killed one lamp in his house
although it sounds a bit strange this is
a ritual in their religion
this is completely consistent with the
law of freedom of religion
after saying that he also took out some
specific legal evidence
one policeman stood up to protest but
could not make any sounds
the judge eventually denied the charges
against moyes kevin won the case
which made milton very happy during the
congratulatory party that evening
kevin met and fell in love at first
sight with a redeemed colleague
kevin was talking to her then milton
called him to his office
milton asks him to defend a real estate
tycoon he was charged with the murder of
his wife
son and maid originally the director
disagreed
because he thought that kevin was young
and did not have much experience
kevin shouldn't take on such an
important case but milton was determined
to let kevin take over the case
so the director had no choice on the
other hand kevin's wife is allowed to
stay in a big house
and have more money but she is not happy
at all she even started to remember her
old house
because there she didn't feel as bored
as she is now kevin continued to leave
her at home alone after a party
so she became extremely angry kevin said
that he has a very important case
but his wife did not care because it was
true that he abandoned her
at the party the two of them had a big
fight the next day
the wife and two friends went to buy
clothes unexpectedly the wife saw her
friends turn into a devil
she was extremely scared and talked this
with kevin kevin assumed that she had
been drinking
which caused the hallucinations but the
wife said it was all true
kevin couldn't convince her so he gave
her a hug but he saw his wife turn into
his redeeded colleague
because kevin wanted to take good care
of his wife kevin welcomed his mother to
new york
as soon as they got there they met
milton and the redeed woman
his mother saw milton then she dazed for
a moment the next day
she wants to go back kevin couldn't hold
his mother
that evening kevin's wife continued to
hallucinate
she saw a boy holding a womb and
underneath her skirt was covered with
blood
which scared her extremely the next day
she went to the hospital for a checkup
to find out
that she was no longer capable of giving
birth kevin still does not pay much
attention
he thinks this is just a nightmare of
his wife kevin comforted his wife
that not everything will be over quickly
the wife was about to go mad
because of his carelessness right now
the murder case is in progress
the real estate boss said that when his
wife was killed he was having an affair
with his secretary
just proving that he can get away with
it but when kevin asked the secretary
he found out that the boss was lying he
really did kill people
but because kevin wanted to preserve his
reputation and prove his competence with
milton
he changed the boss's secretary during
the trial he used adultery as an alibi
for the real estate boss
the director of the company was jealous
of kevin's promotion
threatened him with the heir of the case
then kevin talked about this with milton
after that the director has been beaten
to death by two vagabonds
the two wanderers also turned into the
form of a terrifying demon
at the same time the wife's mental state
was extremely unstable
she is at a chapel kevin asked what was
wrong with her then she told
her she was attacked by milton kevin
didn't believe it
because milton sat with him all
afternoon at court kevin said he
couldn't attack her
unless he wasn't human the wife wanted
to prove she wasn't crazy
by showing kevin her wounded body kevin
thought deeply that it was the womb she
caused herself
kevin decided to take her to a mental
hospital after being injected the wife
conley told kevin she knew why that
happened
all because their wealth is not worth it
obviously
they knew that the others were guilty
and also defended them
so now they have been retrieved then an
agent came to kevin
he said milton's company was not that
simple they smuggled weapons everywhere
and helped many countries launder money
their crimes are very much
the director wanted to denounce milton
so he was killed
now the agent wanted kevin to denounce
milton
but kevin certainly disagrees the agent
reiterated the previous case of teacher
abuse of
female students the agent said the
teacher was arrested yesterday
because he contained a young girl's body
in the trunk of his car
it was all due to kevin's mistake
hearing that made
kevin extremely moved after that the
agent was immediately hit by the car
that makes kevin so scared kevin went to
the hospital to visit his wife
and found his mother was also there she
told kevin about his true identity
many years ago when his mother came to
new york she met kevin's father
when they were talking about it kevin's
wife had problems
she saw the assistant beside her turn
into a demon
she pushed the assistant outside and
locked the door
she then held a mirror fragment kevin
felt that the situation was not good
so he broke the door to go inside but it
was not in time
because his wife had stabbed her neck
with the fragment kevin hugged his wife
in pain
but the assistant outside was coldly
watching them the doctor comes
and could not save his wife she was dead
after that
kevin's mother continued to tell him
that milton was his biological father
kevin knew that everything was set up by
milton when kevin was about to look for
milton to question him
he found that no one was on the street
at the company milton admitted he had
done everything to kevin's wife
kevin angrily grabbed a gun to shoot
milton but the bullets just passed
through him
and milton was okay as expected he is
not an ordinary person
kevin asked who he really was he says he
has many names including satan
at this time the red hair girl also
appeared milton says this is kevin's
half-sister
his words make kevin surprised kevin
asked what milton wanted to do
milton says he wants the two of them to
have a child together so the child can
claim the world
he said that to do that it would take
kevin's will or else to no avail
kevin finished listening and laughed
finally he learned of milton's evil
intentions
the redeed woman assumed that milton was
talking too much
she wanted to use her body to seduce
kevin but unexpectedly kevin took the
gun to kill himself
the furious milton created a great fire
the red haired girl affected by the
flames turned into a burning corpse
at this time milton also showed his true
form
it was kevin's pose with wings after a
shout kevin turned back to being in the
toilet
at this time he was hesitating then
whether to defend the teacher or not
back to court the first thing kevin did
was to kiss his wife
after that he announced to everyone that
he would not justify the teacher
although he failed in the case kevin
felt extremely happy
the reporter turned to kevin again and
said that this could be written into an
article about the attorney's conscience
it was definitely a hot topic and turned
kevin into a celebrity
kevin was about to refuse but his wife
urged him so he agreed
then the reporter changed into milton's
appearance the frivolity
he said was his favorite sin of course
kevin fell into another sinful circle
will kevin be able to escape this time
the end surprised everyone
in fact evil is always by our side
becoming a good person or a bad person
is due to the will of each person
money and fame are good things but we
need to gain the legally
unwarranted wealth will inevitably
encounter retribution
the movie here is the end thank you for
watching follow my page to watch more
film review
you